Omg 418 fee not covered when fee=0 and tx doesnt transfer any fee friendly token (#507)
omisego/elixir-omg: README.md

```
child_blocks_per_day = ethereum_blocks_per_day / submit_period
```
**Fee options** configured in `:omg_api, :fee_specs_file_path` and `:omg_api, :ignore_fees`.
 - ignore_fees is boolean option to turn on ignoring fees.

>  - fee_specs_file_path is path to file with define fee look at [fee_specs.json](fee_specs.json).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - fee_specs_file_path is path to file which define fee. Please see [fee_specs.json](fee_specs.json).
```
